All right welcome back my students so hopefully you got it done.
If not do not worry.
I have your back.
OK.
So once we move the images let's actually create a photo.
All right.
So let's call the photo class and we're going to include it right now than where we actually is or is
it is already included.
So we're going to say it's a I think his file that we named it is it.
Yes it is file and we can always check the create.
Where is it.
All right there we go.
Cool.
All right.
So once we have this done then we'll grab here their photo ID in a signing
photo ID.
Beautiful cool stuff right.
All right.
So what we want to do here with a user is updating.
We don't want to do anything else right.
We want to see a user update input no matter what you do.
And then we want to redirect back.
So let's return redirect.
I know I know I'm misspelling it.
That's OK.
Admin users.
All right.
Let's see what happens here.
By the students and editing Edwin so I'll include a picture of me and actually we have a password that
has to be filled in is active Let's make him active.
And as a matter of fact we don't let's not require the past where we don't have to get a new password
every time right.
So let's not do that.
Let's go to our.
And this is where we probably need to have a different request.
Right.
All right let's go back here.
Guys you really don't have to do that.
Create a requests all the time unless you do something really complex.
But I wanted you know I'm also taking a paternally to show you how to do stuff.
Right so sometimes you might see me do things the long way sometimes you might see me doing things a
couple of times.
That's that's just because I want you to learn all right doesn't mean that you have to do it like that
all the time.
OK.
So we have included here a class A user request class that's preventing us from going further unless
we feel this in.
And that's not cool.
All right so if we do this BHB these and make requests I want you to get used to building this.
We're going to say users that it requires it right.
It's just that I want this information to be engraved in your brain.
All right.
That's the whole reason why I keep doing the things that we learned in the course.
All right so we have this guy here and we're just going to 7:2 true.
And let's go back and copy some of this stuff.
Let's take it back here and paste it.
And let's not include the password.
All right.
And let's go back to our admin users and right here.
There we go.
Let's include it on top.
OK.
All right.
So now we should be able to do something here.
OK.
All right.
Actif let's give him a picture.
That's it.
There we go see the dogs there right now and that's actually give them a better picture.
I think I have something in my desktop.
There's Jose Fays.
Now he's got those little blowholes holes.
This guy looks like Jose right here.
And less shoes.
He's not an administrator.
Since when Ray was making active as well.
There we go.
All right.
We're getting somewhere let's get Maria to go awry.
Let's see which one looks like Maria is on doesn't this one doesn't think this one here looks like Maria
rightless.
She's active as well.
And there we go getting there.
So we're getting somewhere.
Guys let's look for people to see who looks like Peter.
This guy looks like Peter for sure.
All right.
He's active already.
Here we go.
So we got the whole crew here except me and my picture Well I got I got me here but I got me twice.
But you see this picture is kind of bigger than the rest.
But anyway that's OK right.
All right so I think we're doing pretty good here.
Let's check the database real quick to make sure that those pictures are getting Surly there.
Let's check for number three here that we just updated and called King beach between my admen.
All right.
So Or number three Maria.
There we go.
We see that she's active and she has a picture with the number four.
So we go to photos we can see that up picture there it says war warmer for say woman.
All right.
So I'm got to fix that in my in my for the guys.
I don't know why you guys don't tell me this stuff right there.
I'm so used to just courting dad I don't even look at the spelling guys.
All right don't take it against me.
Just correct it.
All right.
OK cool.
So I think we're making a really good improvement here and this is taking form.
And then you learning a whole bunch of other things.
Really useful stuff.
All right let's look Amaria better.
All right.
There we go.
So take care my dear students and I'll see you in the next lecture